2 I purchased this product to separate my credit cards in my money belt for my upcoming trip to Europe.  They fit just fine, and offer a peace of mind from electronic theft anywhere you go. Price was well worth it.
2 This is probably one of the most exciting gifts you can give to a young child. Most kids are fascinated with the concept of driving. So having a little vehicle they can safely maneuver is awesome. We purchased this type of vehicle for all 3 of my kids. Everyone of them was thrilled. In fact, we parked them inside the garage facing forward as though they were ;parked;.This one sits a little high, so the child has to climb up to get on it. But they won't mind.I would highly recommend elbow pads and a helmet. Though we've not seen our 4 wheeler turn over on us yet, but there were a couple of times going over some big bumps on the hilly areas that it looked as though it might tip. So steer your kids away from really bumpy areas and stay on mostly level ground. This is not a TRUE 4 wheeler. It is not designed for rough terrain. It is a TOY.When it first arrives at your house, it might be best not to let the little ones know it's there. It has to be partly assembled and charge overnight (you have to plug it in) before it can be used. If you charge it less than the recommended time, the battery will never hold a charge for long.Being that it runs on an oversize battery, it's only good for about 20 minutes of constant riding before it starts to lose some power.
2 I lost my stuffed Rescue toy, and was clearly upset when I did. Then, I had the brilliant idea to look on Amazon. This is the cutest little toy ever and if you get it for any child or dog lover I can guarantee they will love it!
2 I LOVE these lights! Well, maybe that's too strong a statement but I do like them a whole lot.  Simple to install: just insert the batteries (not included), attach the backplate with two screws and attach the light. Sort of like a smoke detector. Motion detector works great, and good lighting.Good customer service if you need to ask a question.
2 I ordered four more of these to go in my survival kits. These are quality made and worth the tiny price!  Rick Edwards
2 I'm in nursing school and quickly realized if I didn't get a rolling bag I'd have a bad back before I graduated. I got this because I LOVE pink. I've gotten a ton of compliments on it and I use it everyday it's still in great shape. I love this bag and will easily use it after school for traveling.
2 I live in the desert and have allergies. My eyes tend to get really dry and itchy. I have a habit of rubbing my eyes, which just makes them worse. I've started using these drops when I feel the urge to rub my eyes, and they are great. They are soothing going in and my eyes don't feel dry or itchy for a while afterwards. I probably use them about 3 - 4 times a day, sometimes more when the weather is really dry. Now I just wish they made Similasan sinus drops.
2 I've owned several Speck cases for various phones, and have never been disappointed.  This one is nice and slim and doesn't add too much bulk to the iPhone.  We've unfortunately dropped the phone several times already, even on the concrete garage floor no damage and very minimal scuffing of the case.Camera and buttons are all accessible with no interference from the shell.Comfortable in the hand texture-wise.My only real beef is the price.  It seems customers get bent over the barrel a bit when a new iPhone comes out.  An equivalent new-android phone case can be gotten for less than half the price, and tempered glass screen protectors are routinely under ten bucks.  The ;layers of radial impact geometry; seems kind of gimmicky, when the other pure silicon Speck and off-brand cases I've owned have done as well of a job.
2 Great to store in the car. Never know when you need it. This light have different modes and throw a light beam at far distance. I'm a big fan of the company and their line of products.
2 I bought this Slime 70005 Safety Spair Tire Repair system to replace my Continental Tire Repair system which had a 2 year expiration date. This system is so much nicer and does not have a use by date so I am guessing it will last longer than the Continental system. In addition the Continental system will damage the Tire Pressure Monitors in your wheel where the Slime system says it will not. It has a nice light and is easy to use. I am hoping I never need it but it is comforting to know I have it in my Corvette which does not have a spare tire. It came fairly quicky and has a nice carry case with a reflective triangle on the back of the case to place while you are fixing the tire.
2 I can understand the premise and I like the premise.However, I just don't believe that these bibs are comfortable for baby.While they are not hard, they are not soft.The Oxo Tot Roll Up bib has a truly soft front with a catch for whatever doesn't make it into baby's mouth.  It also has a flat velcro closure as opposed to Babybjorn's plastic snap closure.Babybjorn can be cleaned off easier, while Oxo would need to be washed when truly soiled.But...Oxo can be rolled up for travel.
2 There is no question Citizen and the high quality they have made of their watches over the years. Sadly, though they have faded down a bit because of the Drive 2.0  3.0 collections, where they have catered so much on the young, that the appeal of their class has died in the process. But they are trying to make a returning stance in great appeal watches. This WDR Eco-Drive watch is definitely a great return to the appeal Citizen had been known for throughout the years. What I also like about the watch is the excellent illumination on the hands, and the globe-style face on the watch. It definitely stands up very well. It is a elequent piece that looks great, and keeps great time on the wrist, without much worry. I suggest you go for this dark-tone piece, and see why Citizen for years has been known as being a world class.Price: BSetup  Comfort: B 1/2-Overall: B
2 There is no question why I do like Seiko and the kind of watches they have made over the past several years. Not just in style, but the quality has gotten better with the time they have made with the way we view time. Their Seiko Sportura watches are definitely in the ranking. This watch is a very simple and easy to care leather-strapped watch. I personally like how simple it is to read the stopwatch setting with the comfort of the strap around my wrist. It is a very strong watch that does what it is worth, and protects great  in water. I definitely recommend this watch if you are looking for a great watch that is sporty, and fine like china while telling time. Seiko has done that for years, and the Sportura is definitely following in suit like their other models have.Price: BComfort: B+Overall: B 1/2+
2 It is not very user friendly to operate. The correction itself is good and not messy, but to get this started and figure out takes time. You need to be skilled. I wish this was easy to operate!
2 I can get two filters for the price of one from the Ranch store in town, same thing. I have two riding mowers as I have 5 acres to mow every spring.  Your mower has to breath, this is so important.  So glad I looked on Amazon.  Paying $26.00 for one filter is just a joke.
2 These screws work great if you dont need stainless steel.  The best features are  what they dont do which is corrode, strip, or snap at the shanks.  I still dont understand the the switch to the star bits, they strip very easily and square drives like these are very hard to find in stores.
2 2.5mm knobs seem to be a difficult item to buy in quantities less than a bazillion. These were very reasonably priced and fit my need perfectly.
2 Very dangerous dog sunscreen!!! I bought this for my hairless Chinese Crested dog and had to take him to the vet.  Do your homework about dog sunscreens because some have toxic ingredients like this one(Benzophenone-3) which can cause contact eczema  absorbs into the body and does not process out.  Zinc oxide is toxic for dogs.Harmful ingredients are triethanolamine, Imidura, Methyl Paraben, DMDM Hydantoin.  Titanium dioxide is a good ingredient but the SAFEST is organic sunscreens for babies containing sunflower/jojoba seed oils, green tea leaf extracts, calendula flower/gingko leaf extracts, aloe juice, vitamin E, with titanium dioxide.  I'm looking at some brands at a local Whole Foods store which should be good.  Read the label carefully and I hope this helps you choose wisely.
2 This gym bag is perfect. Its not too big like most are but has room and compartments for everything you need. It is good quality. I would buy again.
2 Not the easiest thing in the world to fill but definitely suit their purpose.  Love that I can make food I know my kids will love and eat vs buying the pricy ones at the store.  Definitely buy the squeeze station.
2 The saw arrives completely assembled. Included is a chain guard, a user manual and a wrench conveniently stored in the handle of the saw. The battery was not fully charged but nearly so and took a short time to bring it up to a full charge. All I had to do was add some bar and chain oil and the saw was ready to go.There have been a number of storms the past few months and they broke off numerous branches and downed one very large tree. I have been doing some cleanup with a Stihl gas powered saw and a 40 volt Ryobi. They do a fairly nice job on the branches but not so good on the big tree. I slipped on my goggles and hauled this bad boy out to the big tree.  I started of with the trunk size of about 14 inches. This saw was nothing less than amazing as it cut through the tree trunk like a hot knife through butter. I continued until the tree was cut up and then worked on some branches and some trimming. This saw never slowed down and the battery just kept on keeping on.This is now my saw of choice. No more mixing oil and gas for the Stihl and no more charging the battery for the Ryobi. From now on it is just charge the Greenworks battery and keep a supply of bar and chain oil on hand.Yes, this saw does dribble a bit of oil as did the Ryobi and as did every chainsaw I ever owned. That is no big deal. All you need to do is slip some old newspaper or some rags or whatever under the saw when storing it and then check the oil level before the next use and you are good to go.
2 This DVD is awesome. I love the way that it shows all different kinds of life in the Ocean. Especially that of the Dolphins and the Whales. Finding out about the rays, sharks and many other things that live in the ocean is just as impressive. Just amazing. Simply Wonderful.
2 Roughly the size of a notebook paper, this little chalkboard is incredibly handy.  It mounts easily to any surface with the included double sided tape.  We use it in the kitchen for reminders and little notes.  It is very light weight.  The faux wood edges look nice as well.  We're happy with this product.
2 Nice, sturdy, hard-sided case. Should offer great protection for day to day usage. I would not try placing heavy items on top of this case, though. It may do fine but why risk it?Construction seems very good.
2 I am amazed at just how much wire goes in to wiring a small room... expect on just over 100' for a 12x12 room if you run it semi-hidden for a 5.1 system. Better get two spools for a 7.1, especially if you have a larger room.
2 Fits the first generation iPad perfectly. No complaints there. It just had this horrible, awful scent that would not go away. I can't even describe it - just smelled like awful, cheap leather and my fingers would reek after touching it. Ended up throwing it out because it was so gross.
2 This is probably my FAVORITE webkinz.  It is soft and the color is really pretty.  I HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend it!  However, I bought it at a store for only twenty six bucks.  I don't think its really that educational as opposed to a REAL cat.  But I still REALLY love this stuffed animal!!!
2 This phone is just what I needed, you can see who is calling in, it is light weight and has a nice ring.
2 I've been an Amateur Radio Operator for many years, and have more radios than I'll ever need. But when I see these Baofeng radios for under $50, I can't help myself. I already own the popular Baofeng UV-5R, and the new UV-B5 is even better. The UV-B5 feels more like a quality radio than the UV-5R. Most of the features are similar. The UV-B5 has slightly less channels (99), but has a channel knob instead of the LED flashlight. Programming is a little easier, but like the UV-5R, you'll want to buy the optional programming cable. Using the software from Baofeng, you can also expand the UHF RX frequency range to 520MHZ. The latest daily builds of CHIRP also work, but not the advanced settings or programming above 470MHZ (as of June, 2013). The UV-B5's operating manual is light years better than the operating manual that comes with the UV-5R, and also has a much better antenna.Performance wise, the UV-B5 is on par with my radios costing 3 times more. Transmit and receive are both excellent. Build quality is a step below the more expensive Japanese radios, and the scan speed is slower, but that should be expected from a dual-band radio costing under $50. Audio is excellent, and plenty loud from the small speaker. The 2000mAh battery lasts a long time. Unfortunately, the battery and charger are not compatible with the UV-5R. The programming cable is.This is just a great, cheap, dual-band radio.Pros:Price!!Very good audio on TX and RX.Good battery life.Good sensitivity and selectivity.Great features.Cons:As of June 2013, radio is still only available from overseas dealers.Programming cable not included.Very quirky programming without the cable.Channel skip is only available using the programming software.SMA Female antenna instead of standard SMA Male antenna.Very slow scan speed.
2 This is a very handy Preparedness option if you want to fill your bathtub with safe, potable drinking water (in advance, while water pressure is still available). These are widely offered all over the Internet at prices from $18 up. These are essentially just giant vinyl bags with a nozzle/cap closure. The same exact bag seems to be sold under various brand names, but it's the same product.    I like this simple concept. Here are some points to consider:    1. Water weighs 8 pounds per gallon. Once full (even partially full), this thing will weigh a ton. Completely full, 100 gallons weighs 800 pounds.  It's not portable. You're not going to be lifting it out of the tub and carrying it anywhere. The vinyl would likely not survive 800 lbs of stress even if you had the manpower to lift it.    2. Once it's in place and full, your bathtub (and/or shower) are out of action and can't be used for anything else...like bathing, or decontaminating anything. So this works best if you have multiple bathrooms/tubs in order to spare one for water storage.    3. These are one-time-use items. Once you use it, and empty it, the vinyl bag is just too large to dry thoroughly after it's emptied. So there's that. On the other hand, 100 gallons of water (at 1 gallon per person per day) is a great resource.    4. If portability is a concern, you can achieve much the same thing using clean large plastic storage bins (Sterilite brand or similar) and stacking those in the tub. Same concept but capable of being moved if necessary.    SUMMARY: If you have a bathtub you can afford to dedicate solely to water storage in an emergency, this is a fast, easy, simple and clever solution to hold 90 days+ of survival water for one person, 45+ days for 2 people, etc. It pays to comparison shop on price. It's large, and a challenge to dry to dry out hygienically for possible re-use (consider a blow dryer and a funnel?), so I consider this a 100-gallon 'disposable'. On the whole, at around $20, this is a great solution at a low price for 100 gallons. Just make sure you have a tub you are willing to dedicate solely to water storage.    Hope this is helpful. Stay safe and happy trails, everybody.    PS: I just read reviewer Jennifer Gonzales's comments that people often overlook that they already have a ready source of clean emergency water in their home water heater. That's very true, and good to remember. There are lots of good how-to videos on YouTube on this--you'll just need to know in advance which valves are involved, and most units will need a crescent wrench to open the faucet type drain at the base of the heater.
2 As a watch lover, this watch is a beautiful piece to wear and enjoy.  This is a large watch, the face is 50mm across, and about 53mm when you include the protruding hands and timer buttons.  I've had my watch a few months now and it's accurate and keeps good time.  The day counter does need to be adjusted forward when there's less than 31 days in a month.  The watch bezel rotates counter clockwise and clicks to lock in place.  Oddly enough it has 7 clicks for each 5 minutes, which really isn't an issue because it does line up on each 5 minute indicator.The band is very thick and robust leather.  The band is about 3mm thick and thus about as thick as the buttons that stick out on the right side.  One great feature of the band is that it includes the really simple to use Fossil release slider on each half.  On the under-side where it connects to the watch case there is a small spring loaded tab you simply side one way to release the bands.  This makes them easy to trade out for many of the other available options.  For example Fossil sells a silicone rubber band that I also enjoy and it's a simple process to make the change.  This opens up the option of having different colors for different looks and or outfits or occasions.The watch has a timer which will keep track by the second up to 30 minutes.  There's a second hand timer (bottom center dial) in addition to the sweep second hand.  There's a 30 minute small counter (upper left small dial).  The upper right small dial is a 24 hour time that shows you which hour of 24 the watch is showing.  I like the sweep second hand and appreciate that since many watches no longer have that.  The top button is the "start/stop" timer function.  The lower button is the "reset" button once you've stopped the timer.One of the additional features this watch includes is that any of the Fossil stores will replace the battery for $10 and guarantee it for a year.  That's a pretty nice benefit when manywatch shops can charge $30 or more for a new battery.This is a large watch, you need to keep it up on your wrist a little to keep the button protrusions from bumping into your wrist as you bend your wrist.  If you had a job where there was a risk of a possible snag or catch risk I would suggest a smaller watch.  Of course the trend now is for these larger watches.  This one is very easy to read with a clean simple font for the face.  The internal characters are very clean cut from what appears to be raised plastic and have a nice 3D look.4 stars for a beautifully crafted watch that I enjoy wearing.
1 When least you think so, this product will save the day. Just keep it around just in case you need it for something.
1 Lithium batteries are something new introduced in the market there average developing cost is relatively high but Stallion doesn't compromise on quality and provides us with the best at a low cost.There are so many in built technical assistants that act like a sensor in their particular forté. The battery keeps my phone charged up and it works at every voltage and a high voltage is never risked.
1 I purchased this swing for my baby. She is 6 months now and has pretty much out grown it. It is very loud and doesn't swing very well. It is beautiful though. I love the colors and it has a lot of settings, but I don't think it was worth the money.
1 I was looking for an inexpensive desk calcolatur and here it is. It works and does everything I need. Only issue is that it tilts slightly to one side so when I hit any keys it rocks a little bit. Not a big deal.
1 I only use it twice a week and the results are great. I have used other teeth whitening solutions and most of them, for the same results I would have to use it at least three times a week. Will keep using this because of the potency of the solution and also the technique of the trays, it keeps everything in my teeth, in my mouth.
1 I'm not sure what this is supposed to be but I would recommend that you do a little more research into the culture of using pipes if you plan on giving this as a gift or using it yourself.
1 Pleased with ping pong table. 11 year old and 13 year old having a blast, plus lots of family entertainment too. Plus better than kids sitting on video games all day. A friend put it together. I do believe that was a challenge, but nothing they could not handle
1 Great vitamin C serum... I really like the oil feeling, not too sticky. I used it last week on some of my recent bug bites and it helps heal the skin faster than normal.
1 I've used tide pods laundry detergent for many years,its such a great detergent to use having a nice scent and leaver the cloths smelling fresh.
1 Everybody wants to fall for their promises. But this is a relatively unheard of brand, some even say a non existant company. Look at how amateur their labels and products are. You have to ask yourself if you would trust this kind of amateur stuff? No way! Don't waste your money.
1 Unfortunately they didn't work for me. They made me sick and throw up once of the two times I tried them
1 This kettle is a gift for my daughter. She said that it is easy to use. She likes the design of it, so nice and neat.
1 I love this tumbler! Keeps drinks warm or cold for a good period of time, and its very sturdy. I get complements on how sleek it looks all the time, especially because it doesnt leave fingerprints. Highly recommend. Only suggestion when washing the lid, be sure to shake it and dry well to prevent dripping when the lid is on the tumbler.
1 Only giving this 3 stars because it is so cheap. Has a very mild sedative effect, other than that it's pretty useless for stress/anxiety/panic attacks. Save your money ad get some ZenRx. Night and day difference.[[ASIN:B00HBGBRY4 ZenRx - Dietary supplement reduces symptoms of anxiety, stress, depression, and panic attacks. Boost your mood, increase relaxation, and beat your anxiety with Kava kava, 5-htp, Theanine, Gaba, and more. Money Back Guarantee!]]
1 I bought 2 of these in brown for my island. The hydraulic mechanism looks as though it might fail with over use, but otherwise, I really like them. The color is accurate, as is the description. There is some padding, but not much. Definitely not a chair that you would lounge around in, but great for a bar/counter in the kitchen.
1 wonderful headphones had them now for 5 months and works great also great price and the sound is very clear and loud and soft the the ears love my headphones not to mention that they are sony
1 Video quality if superb, fits just fine, looks like a real mirror (I believe they enhanced this), my only gripe is I wish they put the cameras not side by side, but one on one side, the other on the other side. I only say this because due to where the left camera is place, there is wasted recording room when you start to turn it towards the driver side. Otherwise very happy with this so far.
1 As sling shots go, this is good enough for my purposes. Though, I would have preferred for the handle to be slimmer for better grip.
1 just to be fair, i really believe that this is a great slicer , and the idea was there, but unfortunately there are tricks when using this spiral slicer, i mean manual or something would have been helpful.I'm not saying something negative about this slicer because it does work, but however it did it took me almost a week in trying to learn how to use this slicer in cutting different kinds of vegetable.the price i may say is fair, but i do wish that there were manuals in every box in showing us how to use this slicer properly.
1 These tablets are especially helpful if you use the Secure dental adhesive.I bought this stuff for my father. and he was satisfied with this.
1 Looking decent as same shown in photos Thank You amazon .I saved cost as paint of this type is very costly and as this is digitally print looking decent.
1 I find that the older I get, the harder it is to lose weight....but I've gotten great results taking garcinia this month. I take it before breakfast, lunch and supper. I don't take the one after supper because I don't tend to eat much in the late evenings. I find it really cuts my down my appetite. I've lost 8 lbs this month, which is WAY more than I've lost in a long time.
1 I have had my camera for about 2 weeks now. The pictures are great, it is so easy to use. I love it!!
1 It is highly recommended not to buy this product.  I took the suggested dosage for a week and felt nothing, no extra energy, no loss of appetite, no pounds lost.
1 The actual power supply is good, but the cable harness's had to be completely taken apart and re-oriented to avoid a birds nest of backwards wiring in tower. It's like they didn't test it to see if it works.
1 My personal physician recommended it and I bought at goo.gl/wa7AI ,with $10 off and free samples. Great stuff!!!!!I was told the enormous benifit of Oregano: it is one of the most powerful healing herbs and natural anti-biotics ever studied. It has been found in a recent study to be significantly better than all of the 18 currently used anti-biotics in the treatment of MRSA staph infections. The strong phenol anti-oxidants destroy pathogenic bacteria, viruses and yeasts. This super herb is very rich in anti-oxidant phytochemical flavonoids and phenolic acids. It is the third highest herb in oxygen radical absorbancy capacity (ORAC) with an impressive score of 200,129. The USDA ranks oregano's antioxidant capacity anywhere from 3 to 20 times higher than any other herb.You can see 2 bottles Oreganol P73 in my fridge. Wowww ... this oregano oil is just the best, it works miraculously! I had discomfort and dryness in my throat, then I took a couple drops of this oil in a tablespoon of water and drank it. This oil healed and soothed my throat almost instantly, and feel great up to now. Another time I felt my body so aching, then I took this oil in the same way - it set me free and felt great just in seconds. This oil is fantastic!!! I also have used oregano as emergency medicine to completely eliminate digestive distress after eating what I found out was contaminated food.
1 I love the fact that you can easily read the measurements...great for those of us who's eyes aren't what they use to be LOL. I get so tired of trying to read the numbers on those others where it's the same color as the cup itself.
1 I have bought several products from this seller and I have been pleased with all of them. The green coffee does exactly what it says it does! I am happy with it and will purchase another once I am finished with this bottle.
1 This is an extremely well made electric blanket. We tried 2 before this one  took both back. You cannot feel the wires and the material is very luxurious. I did feel it was quite pricey...about $50 more than the ones we took back. However, that being said, the quality indicates it will last for years.
1 great product for coffee lover that want little more rich flavor on their coffee. Love that is easy to clean.
1 I figured it would for sure fit a dasani bottle.... it doesn't.  I have been able to use it with cheap water bottles though.
1 This dinnerware set provides a very nice aesthetic. It will allow you to set your table very decoratively, and the beauty of a white dinnerware set is that it goes with any color scheme! Before acquiring this particular dinnerware set, I already owned a plain white set of dinnerware; but this set with the platinum rim is much nicer.
1 The sides of the case didn't match my phone at all but the real issue is when the tan color became blackish in some parts. Looks unpleasant and can't use like that.
1 Since I have a low pain tolerance this facial hair remover didn't hurt very much. It did take a lot of hair off my face which I love because I hate peach fuzz, especially when wearing foundation. The tweezers were okay, loved the color but it was a little hard for me to use. Wish the package was bubble wrapped because it was so cute but mine got smashed in the process of shipping. Great customer service!!
1 The bag looks like a little smaller version than the one in the picture. The picture shows a lot and describes how much it holds. I found it hard to accommodate my D3100 and two lenses along with the battery charger.
1 Bought this to use with my gel eyeliner. The handle is longer than I liked but it works well. I like that it is slanted and very easy to apply and clean.
1 This mask is great for the purpose of keeping out the light for sure! My hubs gets up at 4am to go work and he is a butthead by turning on all the lights. Since getting this, Ive havent had any issues sleeping through it! lol. It looks like a mini bra because its not like your traditional flat sleep masks that lay flat over your eyes. This one has little ;cups; that doesnt touch your eyelids at all which is nice because with my old sleep mask it made me itchy. The only reason why I didnt give this 5 stars is because whenever I turned to sleep on my sides it kinda made it uncomfortable to sleep with it on. I had to sleep on my back to make it stay on. For me I hate sleeping on my back so :(
1 I used this in my photoshoot last month.. It's really cool.. it has a nice built quality and vintage look.. really awesome..
1 My personal physician recommended it and I bought at goo.gl/5Zi8I , 600mg a tablet for only 5 cents, additional with $10 off and free samples. Great stuff!!!!!Recent biochemical and pharmacological studies have identified red yeast rice as a beneficial supplement for maintaining a healthy balance of cholesterol and related lipids in the body. Studies have reported lowering of LDL and triglycerides while increasing HDL. A clinical study on patients who have suffered a heart attack found that a partially purified extract of red yeast rice, reduced the risk of repeat heart attacks by 45 revascularization (bypass surgery/angioplasty), cardiovascular mortality, and total mortality by one-third; and cancer mortality by two-thirds.A recent study has found that nattokinase combined with red yeast rice can significantly lower cholesterol. I use it with Best Nattokinase( goo.gl/32EeB ) and this does a fabulous job of reducing my LDL and overall cholesterol( from 220 to 150 ). Amazing!
1 No go. All the reviews are fake. Buyer be ware. I took it and I got blood in my stool. Stopped taking it right away. Look all the reviews are positive with the same thing to say. Same reviewer. If anyone really took it as i did you would write a 1 star review because no-one wants blood in their stool.
1 My personal physician recommended it and I bought at goo.gl/5Hndv ,with $10 off and free samples. Great stuff!!!!!My personal physician told me that Biotin's role is multi-faceted and the vitamin is used for a number of different purposes.1) Hair, Skin, Nails: Biotin is said to help grow healthy hair, is good for the skin and is used to help treat brittle toe and fingernails. Biotin is also used to treat hair loss (alopecia), and for people with premature gray hair due to low levels of biotin, it has helped combat graying hair.2) Treatment of Candida: Some people use biotin to treat Candida because it is said to be able to prevent yeast from changing into its fungal form.3) Fat Burner: Biotin is often promoted as a "fat burner" because one of the principle roles of biotin is to help with the metabolism of fats, proteins and carbs.4) Reduce Blood Sugar: In some cases, doctors recommend biotin to help people with type 2 diabetes reduce their blood sugar.5) Gene Replication: On a deeper level, biotin is integral for gene replication.6) Blood Cells and Bone Marrow: Biotin also helps in the production of healthy blood cells and bone marrow.My hair was thinning from working at a very stressful job. It had gotten to the point where I couldn't successfully make a ponytail. I decided to have a try. After using the Biotin for 3 months, I am happy to report stronger, thicker hair. I haven't seen much growth in the length, but it is very much thicker, prettier, and more manageable. It's so much so that my hairdresser was very surprised! When I went to her to get a trim 2 months after the last haircut, it had grown to the level which would normally have taken 3 months at least to reach :)
1 i have read in many reviews that calcium hampers the burning of fat. But i am taking this since october. I am losing lbs. So i dont really care what it contains as long as it keeps me fit and going.
1 Worked as expected and very cheap. It's very lightweight and durable and the length is just perfect for me and my wife. Although we still have 3 spare stylus pens we don't know what to use for.
1 My personal physician recommended this and I bought at goo.gl/xv1lP ,with $10 off and free samples. Great stuff!!!!!He told that the extract of pine bark has a beneficial effect in treating over 50 diseases associated with the effects of free radicals, and also provides prevention against them:1) Asthma2) Chronic venous insufficiency (a condition that involves leg swelling, 3) varicose veins, pain, itching, and other skin changes)4) High blood pressure (hypertension)5) Retinopathy (an eye condition commonly caused by diabetes)6) Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)7) Blood clots in the legs (deep vein thrombosis)8) Diabetes9) Impotence (also known as erectile dysfunction or ED)10) High cholesterol11) Male infertility12) Heart attacks or strokes13) Leg cramps14) Pregnancy pains (such as back pain, pelvic pain, and leg cramps)15) Painful menstrual periods (dysmenorrhea).16) Pycnogenol is also said to improve athletic performance."So, tell me what it cant heal?" I asked. But whatever I had a try. I use it in my type 2 diabetes herbal treatment regimen and to add preventative circulatory and longevity potential to my life one veggie cap at a time. I have been taking this pycogenol for about a month so far and the main thing I have noticed is that my allergies/cough have pretty much gone away completely. At the beginning of January this year I got sick with a pretty bad cold and have had a cough ever since that is only at night and in the morning. My doctor told me that it was most likely allergies or asthma, neither of which I have had before. The pycogenol is the only thing I have added to my regimen of vitamins/supplements in the past month and now my cough is gone.Yay!! I am also hoping this will help with my diabetes which was the reason that I started taking it so hopefully I can report back seeing a benefit on that soon too. I plan to starttaking this twice a day instead of once so I'm hoping that will help.
1 It is a true recommendable product which works great on my skin. I take a pill daily with a tall glass of water. It is the best way to restore and refresh the skin from within. My skin looks softer and like it has a glow after using this.
1 Shower curtain is a little thinner than I would like but it works just fine (for the price) with a liner behind it. Also, the darker color is almost too dark --I added some towels and s rugs of different shades of it to bring out the colors...looks nice!
1 I'd like to have a decent speaker set I can use for my dorm room and this is what I got for my budget and it's surprisingly good! The sound is very clear even when set to max volume and bass is decent. Perfect for me and my roommate and for some slumber party. It looks pretty conventional too. I was looking for something rather stylish.
1 I don’t really care either way for the scent or appearance. It’s the part where it cleans that I needed.
1 Searched all over for a large dutch oven. It's great for browning or carmalizing meat and with its large high grease does not splatter all over my stove. I also love it's ability to transfer it to the oven for roasting or braising. Great for soups. Easy cleanup.
1 I had high hopes for a thickening shampoo instead it left me with less hair then before and I feel like it accelerated my hair loss further. I will not continue using it and will return the remainder for a refund
1 I have begun using many of the techniques discussed in this book to help deal with my anxiety and depression. It has been a huge help! I have also begun doing some meditation, and am slowly working on replacing my Zoloft with an OTC supplement. Between these three things, my life has improved 100%. Anyone out there looking for an OTC supplement for anxiety/depression should give XanRx a try.  Really helpful in conjunction with this book.[[ASIN:B00F5JJLOC XanRx - Dietary supplement reduces symptoms of anxiety, stress, depression, and panic attacks. Boost your mood, increase relaxation, and beat your anxiety with Kava kava, 5-htp, Theanine, Gaba, and more. Money Back Guarantee!]]
1 This art paper was exactly what I was looking for and made a great present for my younger brother who really loves to draw anything. It was also a great price!
1 The only down side is that i find they are not air tight not good for brown sugar; chips and crackers go stale. My crackers took on the "taste" of the container as well. Seem to be fine for my pasta, rice, or cereal that gets eaten quickly.
1 There is no question about the goodness of the camera. The product is as good as a new one (except for the warranty time). I trust this brand and if it's inspected and reconditioned from the factory, I rest my faith in it.
1 Love this case, it's very sleek and slides into your pocket perfectly. Every now and then my phone falls and it has protected it from those mishaps.
1 3 month ago, I found I have recently lost more hair than I used to be every time during shampooing my hair.  I have a thick hair but it seems looked a bit thinner now.Since then, I have been taking any steps that I can possibly to make my hair grow. And i know this product by my friend. After 2 weeks using, my hair has grown rapidly. I've gone from crying over my hair, to being pretty excited about it.
1 This is a nice stylus although I prefer the 'SERENE STYLUS PEN" due to its small (4mm)nib tip for less screen obstruction. Its also very comfortable featuring its silicone grip. Check it out at  [...]
1 I bought this camera for its night vision which I have found to be very poor, if you are using this camera in low light it works well however in total darkness it doesn't work at all. I was also using night vision booster LEDs and it still did not work in total darkness.
1 "Ulysses" Errata Once Penned"Ulysses" ruined spring for me, a day in the life of a century.Self-pleasuring made ominous, to sell books, an overt device.The "Anabasis" is far better a template, the Odyssey foreshadows earliest in the tale, fate.Leopold does not Bloom, a wife's infidelity, they barely share a bedroom.The most dangerous book is the tell-all coming up for publication. Those who have very pointed concerns about its release fret, sweat, run it through the mind until you have a collective of murderous revenge seekers.Virginia Woolf, Master Novelist, was right to dismiss James Joyce's work. It can only be a tepid ode to a Grecian epic poem.Chris Roberts, God Made Out Verticallybe found in all of Rodmell, or England for that matter.Once this is finished, I walk down to the river. At the water's edge I weigh myself down with stones, my very eyes in my pockets, and slip into the deep.Virginia Woolf, Chronicler of Life* And I, C.R. would add, Best Novelist of the 20th CenturyYou are loved Virginia everywhere. James Joyce, not so much, if at all. A day in the life is a small view, excluding the other billions of lives per day.
1 It is very helpful to keep the car cool for kids and protect them from heat of the sun while we travel.Easy to attach to the car windows and it really stuck there.
1 Useless Christmas gift. Kept on trying to use it on different fabrics with no luck. Produces steam but not enough to do anything. Useless.
1 J. D Salinger was righteous...Not in his scribblings, but in this case...No author photo...anywhere...on the book...On the cover especially, oh cover...This disastrous, forced T. C. Boyle pose...Fact, not fiction...The redhead is never the leading man...In moving pictures, still photography...Anti-hero, the step child...The somebody I don't want too see...Red blazer, black tee is all 80s...I suppose better off red, than dead...The font and manufactured stare...Scream bad album cover...Jesus Christ couldn't pull it off...But together we laugh...At T. C.And share a piece of bread...Get polluted on crushed wine...And we laugh some more...The young Jesus...Before the miracles, sermons...The Cross so far years away...We trip out on Led Zeppelin...Chris Roberts, God of Jesus Christ (The laughing Prophet)
1 Pen Drive is very good in this budget, it works faster and no any problem yet, delivery was very fast.
1 The product actually helped out in a lot of areas, particularly where my workout performance is concerned. But I was expecting it to burn fat. Maybe my research was wrong?
1 This is a SMOKING HOT deal. This is the second unit in the last 2-3 weeks They work when you first plug them in but watch out. Somewhere between 1-5 charge cycles these things get so hot you can't touch them. Then they pop and smoke.....game over. No more charging.   The only reason I am giving this a 1 star is the returns have been easy. Reading all of the reviews it looks like about 1 in 3 are good chargers. I'm going to step up and pay the $$$$ for a real one this time.  Don't want to risk burning down the house over a $30 difference between junk and genuine Apple product. Yes it sucks but get yourself the real deal here http://www.amazon.vote/gp/product/B008ALAAV0
1 It really does work. I have been taking these for a month and a half and I have lost about 7 pounds. I am so happy that it works and that I have lost weight. I wanted to give it time before I wrote my review but it is totally worth trying!
1 I am a brown skin young lady who likes the look of a tan. I had a trip plan to Miami. Not wanting to sit outside in the damaging sun for long periods, I thought I would help my tan by using this product. For three days I used this product following the directions exactly as stated. This product did not work. My skin does not have any hint of a tan.
1 This is a fun little gadget to use and I'm a happy camper. It works great and as described. I found the short videos easier to understand than the instructions on the accompanied manual, but you don't need any of those to know how to operate this thing. Very pleased with the tool, however I wish they included a few more recipes.
1 When I made this purchase, I thought it was a expensive. But, it looked exactly like what I had in my mind. I was pleasantly shocked when it turned out to be high grade metal construction. It turned out to be an ornamental piece on my desk. There is no doubt in my mind: This will last a lifetime and look good doing it.
1 $50 for some stinky tablets. Nothing, nada, no effect whatsoever. It's taking me awhile to write a review because I was trying to give them time to work. It wasn't until I landed up in the hospital (Not Because Of This Product) that I realized I blew 50 bucks. The Doc asked me all that I was taking and I gladly told him about this product thinking maybe it was the cause of my hospital stay (It was pneumonia) He and the nurse both sensed my fear and promptly me told me they were just glorified vitamins with big cheesy smiles on their faces. OH THE SHAME!!!!
1 It of high quality and matched the exact product description. The camera might be a big tough for beginning digital photographers, but it's wonderful for me. I was familiar with most of the features but the instruction manual taught me several new things I could do.
1 I really felt like this product did absolutely nothing n I took it for two months. I'm kinda disappointed. :(
1 honestly skip the hand pump and get a real motorized one... yes they are expensive but have tremendous value.
1 I am always struggling with my weight. At college I lost the battle. I joined a Fraternity and from there on I gained 32 pounds. It's mostly due to fast food, and beer.I DECIDED to get back on track. I started to run, and do some hitting on a speed bag. With Garcinia Cambogia my appetite dropped and I don't eat as much as I used to.  So far I've lost 6-7 pounds.
1 This company sent me a email after i purchased this on eBay and asked me to review the product on amazon.  They probably should have asked me first what i thought, but here it goes. I bought it for use with my appradio3 and paid an additional $20 to have it installed. After about 2 days, it would not allow video to display constantly and just kept flashing between the warning message and the video about every 6 or 7 seconds. It was like one second of video followed by 6-7 seconds of warning message. It would do it over and over and got really annoying. I took it back to my installer, and they said it was installed correctly. I had no amps, or other stuff and my car does not need a radio module (older car here with no fancy computer stuff except for new pioneer radio). I agreed to an additional $30 removal to have the bypass bench tested and it did the same thing on the bench. The installer fed power to the blue and black wires, and connected an alarm led to the green wire. It did the same flashing on the bench it did in the car. For $20, i dont want to deal with the hassle of returning it, but it cost me more out of pocket and time to make it worth it. I do not know if the seller should be responsible for this, but i did lose out a lot of money due to their product so I am not sure if I should pursue it. I ended up buying another bypass from another company, and it has worked fine for over a month now. Maybe I just got a bad one or what, but it sucked to have to deal with it. Just my $.02 so take it or leave it. My emails to the company through their website still have went unanswered to date, and its been weeks. I searched online about this and diybypass is really a no-name company so go figure.
1 I'm not really sold on the flavor and texture of the contents. When a rather lazy roommate served this, it was a night of hilarity which involved some food throwing. Still, it might just me who is too picky.
1 I am a coffee drinker and considered a pod machine but what the heck, just one cup? I studied the reviews and decided to go with this one. Have no problem with the plastic smell that some have mentioned. Two small negatives that I do have are the display is not lit and can not see in dim light and the sight gage is on the wrong side for the position I have it on the counter, but I can live with these, it makes a great cup of coffee.
1 i love the necklace but in order to use them you really need to accessorize and the necklace is really good if you have accessories that can match up to it.it is just fortunate that I have some gothic looking items that can enhance the beauty of this item.
1 I recently bought this item and the case did not last more than a week.  I should give it more stars but I cannot.  But for the price.  I guess you can't complain!
1 My 19 month old loves these videos, especially the shapes DVD for some reason. She can say circle and star now, and recognizes some others when she plays with her [[ASIN:B0089W1IGG Baby's First Blocks]]. She can also count from one to five, and names a few letters here and there.I give the videos credit that they hold her attention and she has learned a lot from them. They are slow paced and not too flashy like most cartoons on TV. The animations are colorful and the music is decent.However, they get boring for adults to watch. The videos repeat the word over and over again, which gets tiring for me to listen to. In all fairness the repetition definitely helps her to learn faster so I guess I should just deal with it.Pros:* The videos work well.* My daughter loves them.Cons:* Boring for adults to watch.
1 Used it in the last few days. It is well made and appears to have high strength anddoes its job well.
1 Toasts bread really nice and looks good on my counter. I haven't had any uneven burns yet and the toaster makes my kitchen look like it has this heavy machinery vibe.
1 I love it. It fits really well in the driver's seat. I'm not used to driving long distances that's why I ordered this one for back support. I tried it first on my computer chair and it really feels comfortable. I like the material of the cover made too. It's soft and very nice material. I tried it on the driver's seat as well and it's perfect. It helps me relaxed my back don't need to actually pull the driver's seat forward. I think I made a great decision in buying this Lumbar cushion. The only thing that I'm worried is the durability of this cushion. I think it's good if you don't use it too much because I feel like it's not hard enough not to sag after couple years. I hope I'm wrong. But you know what, it's perfect for the present and for probably the coming whole year.
1 Goes on thick but absorbs well and leaves my skin smooth and soft with a light scent of cucumber. a little goes a long way and too much can feel greasy so start with just a dab or two.
1 This item would have been a nice item however the rain shower head is the first thing I seen an was looking for that item. Big surprise when it arrived a seen this very tiny shower head. What I have standard is bigger. Very disappointed. Returned it.
1 These are my ;go-to; earrings. Very comfortable and the style is great. The only downside (to me) is the wire is so curved they are a little hard to get on, but I guess that means they won't come out (inadvertently) either.
1 Of all the natural oils, I believe this is the best and the one every girl needs.Definitely see a difference in my skin after just 3 weeks of use. And the oil smells very pleasant.Absorbs quick into my face. However, I took a star off because of the dispensing method. I hope they have a dropper or pump.
1 The Holidays are here and so are the extra pounds. Need something to help get the extra weight maintain, Been taking this for the last couple of weeks been eating like crazy and no weight gained which is a good sign, but no weight lost either. Maybe after the holidays I will notice the weight loss because I wont be eating as much.
1 These are odd slippers, they fit great for a day or so and then felt very large. I either shrunk or they stretched out. I have a normal sized foot and they now seem wide and loose. So instead of walking in them I have to shuffle around in them like an old man. For now they will do... I will look around and see what else I can find.
1 This organizer arrived today and as soon as I opened the box I was completely DISAPPOINTED at how cheap it looked. I would have rated it NO STARS if I could have.  I have purchased many many acrylic organizers and this is the first time I have ever so sad about one that I purchased.  I will be returning it tomorrow due to it being extremely poor quality.
1 I can feel how I lose belly fat, It is like magic. I never thought this kind of product exist. After started with some cardio 3 day a week the result are even better. Unreliable result, must try it
1 I have to say that I am pleased with my decision to purchase one of these humidifiers.  The air in my house gets very dry at times and I have woken up to a nose bleed.  That is not a good feeling to waking up to, so I chose to buy one to help with my house and to put moisture in the air.  I can tell a difference in the house already.
1 The wife in her ever ongoing weight control regimen has landed on this product with it's 250mg of Forskolin. She likes that it is easy to swallow size and no bad after taste. She has not been late night snacking as much as usual and feel's comfortable that she will lose more than 3 pound's than she has lost in the last week.
1 The keys! They actually feel mechanical, even though they are membrane. They have a sort of tactile feedback without the noise of springs. I would (almost) argue that they have a better feeling then Cherry MX, but are slightly harder to type on.
1 My girlfriend and I always use condom because we don't want to mess up.This brand really helps us a lot.I would definitely recommend this!
1 It was well worth the money. I would definitely order it again. It is heavy and warm. You would love it. The only thing is trying to stick it back in the bag. Warm that is for sure.
1 I thought this was shatter proof my baby (one and a half year old) dropped it to the floor and it broke. Will try customer service and c if they will replace...
1 I enjoy taking a nap when I get home from work. This product not only helps me sleep better, but does so in a way that wont ruin my makeup. The shape of the eyes makes it so that it doesn't even touch your eyelids, so your eye make-up will survive the nap. My only issue with the mask is that light seeps in a bit around the nose.
1 It was so poorly made that it was damaged in getting delivered, twice. I had to keep the second one because my son was going to camp and we needed it right away. Looks nice and rolls nice, but eh box is made of a thin material and rivets were missing and dents. A quality footlocker would have withstood the shipping.
1 I haven't been taking it for very long but I'm excited by the simplicity of the ingredients list!  The capsules are labelled as ;Veggie Capsules; which is slightly confusing because no where does it list what exactly is in the pills, just ;Forskolin Blend; which...could really be anything.  I plan on doing a little more research on this ;Coleus Forskohlii root extract; :)Love as always,~Heather
1 I started taking Gingko Biloba about 7 months ago because, as I've grown older, I've noticed that my brain processes have slowed down and become a bit muddled.By taking this product TWICE a day for the last 7 months, that 'muddy' sensation in my brain is gone, I can remember the little things that i would normally forget, and I'm able to learn new tricks on my computer again. Thank heavens! I take one pill in the morning and another in the evening.  I am not sure if I will ever stop taking these, they help so much.  I do take the brain teasers online as well and that seems to help with my brain function as well.
1 I love how my face feels after using this. I normally use a clay mask but I think I will continue using this one instead.
1 I used to Nioxin and really liked it until they changed their formula and lab to mexico.I tried this and its a good cleansing shampoo for what it is but it hasn't help with my scalp or flakes at all.I does smell good and the price is reasonable compared to other brands but I really wished it had worked for me.I will continue to use it and update if it does (and upgrade the stars too)
0 I've used Norton 360 for years now and I couldn't be happier with it.  It keeps my information safe, my computer tuned up, and it keeps my passwords handy so I can log into my accounts quicker.  What else do you need in a security suite?Update:  I used Norton 360 happily for years but their latest update is highly flawed and it keeps timing out when I try to log in on both of my computer.  The only fix is to uninstall and reinstall the entire software suite apparently.  I've been on chat with support multiple times and that is all they can do to make it work.  While I write this I'm on hold on the chat system and have been for over 25 minutes again.If they fix this it will become a 5 star product again but there is something seriously wrong with the current updates and windows 7 computers at least so I can't recommend this to anyone until its fixed.
0 Easy ordering, came in just a couple of days without a problem. Usually have no problems with the cartridge. Would recommend.
0 Works great, very sturdy cable. I actually had to put hot glue on the ends so that the sleeving would not slide though... This could be improved.
0 Great for the kids adn adults of all agesadn adultsIt.Great App, it has a great variety of cartoons. Wow get it.
0 useful, can hold a lot of pair of shoes
0 I absolutely love this item!  I was not able to spend $50-100 on something to remove facial hair, so this item was just what I needed.  Hurts like heck when trying to get some of those stubborn facial hairs, but worth it!  Have recommended this product to many people.  Tip:  Use every other day so you don't get a build up of a lot of hair.  This way, only a few are grabbed each time and it is not as painful.  Warning: The first time will make your eyes water if you have a lot of hair to remove.  It does get better, and using every few days keeps the pain to a minimum.
0 They are pretty but jewelry like this should be in a box protected from our USPS.  They send those bubble wrapped packages through machines that bend the posts on the earrings. I am glad they did not break when i bent them back in place.  Other than that, I like them.
0 Bought this for a friend who has already tried different types and different brands.After trying it on several times, his next question was "Can you buy me another one?"Need I say more?
0 I just got this Samsung model. It is simply stunning in picture and performance. Set up was so easy right out of the box. I tried all the presets and found the "movie" setting to be to my liking. I have always considered myself a good "tweaker", but I barely need to do a thing to get a beautiful picture. The only tweaks I did were to turn on the WHITE BALANCE and turn the GAMMA to +1. The picture is smooth and glasslike with deep blacks, luminous colors, and natural skin tones.I find the brightness of the plasma screen to be just right in my room. I personally do not like the garish brightness of some LCDs and LEDs. It looks great with both HI DEF Cable and BLU RAY. I use HDMIs to connect both. The sound of this TV is also superior to most other makes. I thoroughly researched all 60" Plasmas and LEDs before making my purchase. The 5300 was always ranked at the top of the list. I got my on sale for $799.99. for that price it is a steal.If you want a HI DEF without a lot of bells and whistles, but like me, only cares about a beautiful picture and performance, this model is for you.  I wanted to add that I have had this tv for several months now, and I continue to be impressed by the picture quality. It is outstanding. I do not know where some of the negative reviews about this model are coming from. I guess they must have gotten a lemon compared to mine. This is the best picture I have ever seen on any tv. I also want to add something I have discovered. Set the sound to  the MUSIC preset for the best sound and vocal clarity. This plasma tv cannot be beat for the price, or really any price, unless you want to spend thousands of dollars more for some new "super hi def". Even then I doubt that spending all that money would get you a much better picture.
0 Arrived on time bit definitely appears to be used. Would have ordered direct from Medela but they were closed over holiday.Price we received had scuff marks and tube connectors showed signs of wear. Yellow covering cap was sticky as well. Back side of plate was ditsy and had black specks of something on it.Would not recommend based on pie experience.
0 Super anemic WiFi. Had to return it because of that.
0 Not well made like I thought it would be.  Very fragile.
0 I have had this for a month and the straps that wrap around the seat already broke so now it dangles and hits my chds legs. Horribly made.
0 I bought this since it looked like the cross tabs would provide extra stability, but they don't actually do more than a standard compression sock-style ankle support.  The adjustable tabs do allow for better adjustment, particularly for larger feet, and they make it easy to put on. However, they add some bulk, and for smaller feet (or not even that small -- I wear a women's 9.5) the larger tabs overlap and create a ridge that is likely to be uncomfortable in footwear.
0 This battery increases the run time of my HF100 from about 70 minutes to over 180.  This means that I can leave the camcorder on for an entire soccer game without worrying about running out of battery.  It also means I'll have to buy a 16GB SD card so I can go for 2 hours of recording without swapping battery or memory card.    About the only negative is that it sticks out of the back of the camcorder, but that's to be expected since the extra battery capacity has to go somewhere.
0 Great!
0 This is a very entertaining little history book by the master expert on the obscure lands of Central Asia, Peter Hopkirk, who is also an excellent writer. The focus here is an esoteric bit of history which has probably not been covered elsewhere - the race by the outside world to get into mysterious Tibet, and especially its forbidden capital Lhasa. The Tibetans' almost pathological need to be left alone led them to repel anyone from outside shortly after such interlopers crossed the border. Add to that Tibet's inaccessibility, surrounded on three sides by the most impenetrable mountains on Earth, and on the fourth side by equally hostile deserts, all of which many people though the ages have died trying to traverse. Of course this all made outsiders, especially Westerners, yearn to "gatecrash" this forbidden land.Hopkirk tells the intriguing tales of the various adventurers, diplomats, and missionaries who made the earliest attempts to reach Lhasa, most of whom didn't make it. While mostly unsuccessful in reaching their ultimate goal, these hardy souls still had incredible stories to tell and contributed immensely to the sparse knowledge of Tibet's geography and culture. Included are some unexpected goodies like the story of the indestructible Pundits from India who literally counted the steps they took, plus the earliest deadly attempts to conquer Mt. Everest. The book ends rather depressingly with the story of China's brutal occupation in the 1950's, which ended Tibet's self-imposed isolation once and for all, after which the Chinese closed it off even more tightly because of political paranoia.Throughout the book, Hopkirk offers some key insights into ancient Tibetan culture and their homegrown brand of extreme Buddhism. As a result we find that Tibet was never the spiritual paradise of pure thought and devotion that modern celebrity Buddhists try to tell us it was, before the outside world screwed everything up (we see that not even the Dalai Lama makes that claim). You may be surprised by the fierce, if naïve, warlike tendencies of the Tibetans, even their monks. The only problem with this book is Hopkirk's tendency to hold back on many stories. He starts to describe some very interesting tales, like the harsh ordeal of the lone female missionary Susie Rijnhart or the mysterious Japanese spy Narita Yasuteru, only to abruptly claim that the conclusions are outside the scope of the book or more extensively described elsewhere. This is a rather frustrating tease from the author, especially since this book is not that long and there is surely room to spare. But that's the only misstep in this most enjoyable book. (Note: for the much larger story of this region, in which Tibet played a small historical part, see Hopkirk's later masterwork "The Great Game.")makes that claim). You may be surprised by the fierce, if naïve, warlike tendencies of the Tibetans, even their monks. The only problem with this book is Hopkirk's tendency to hold back on many stories. He starts to describe some very interesting tales, like the harsh ordeal of the lone female missionary Susie Rijnhart or the mysterious Japanese spy Narita Yasuteru, only to abruptly claim that the conclusions are outside the scope of the book or more extensively described elsewhere. This is a rather frustrating tease from the author, especially since this book is not that long and there is surely room to spare. But that's the only misstep in this most enjoyable book. (Note: for the much larger story of this region, in which Tibet played a small historical part, see Hopkirk's later masterwork "The Great Game.")
0 So super comfy!!! Feels like your wearing slippers. My last pair lasted me a year, and that was wearing them EVERY day!
0 Learn about what shampoo you use. As a 2800 hair graft recipient I wasn't about to burn up expensive hair with junky shampoos. This stuff is top notch. Does it grow more? No. Does it keep what you already have ? Sure helps! Now go get your Rogaine foam and get busy looking good!
0 I was running on average, a full day 6 am to about 9 pm. Since I bought this battery, I went 25 hrs and still had 58% battery left! It does make the phone thicker but to me, it actually fits my hands better. I highly recommend this battery. Shipper was prompt. I'm very pleased with my purchase.
0 Superb. A thousand stars.
0 Love this show! We do not get TLC at our apartment building so I bought the season and can follow Jessa and Ben's wedding!
0 This is an amazing deal! Holds 500 sheets. Duplex (two sided) printing. Windows and Mac. Prints quickly. High quality. Can automatically print two pages on one. My only minor complaint is that it is a bit noisier than I expected when printing. But this is minor, because it is completely silent when at rest. The only problem is getting it installed. I imagine that hooking up a parallel or USB cable will be easy. But if you wanted to do that, you'd buy the cheaper 2150 model. If you pay extra for the "N" model, you want to hook it up via an ethernet cable so any computer on your network can print to it. Good luck. I am reasonable facile (but hardly an expert) with network terminology and configuration (I know what TCPIP and DHCP and IP mean), and it took me several hours. I still am not sure why it started working, and really don't know enough to troubleshoot future problems. I suspect I'll be spending more time in the future repeating these steps.Samsung provides zero help in installing on the network. The network manual has only two pages (in each language). And that tells you how to insert a CD and run the installation program. But then what? How to configure the network? TCPIP? They offer a printer driver, plus two network utilities, each with several options. What do they mean? Which should you use? Which gets installed first? Is it important to reboot? How to troubleshoot? You are on your own. Not a word about this in any of the manuals. Zero guidance on the web site. This is a very new printer, but Samsung's site also offers zero guidance for earlier N printer models. Only buy this printer if you are very familiar with network configuration, or can get someone else to do it for you. Even then, expect to spend several frustrating hours fussing with settings. Note the problem is not that the manual is badly translated. There simply is no explanation, zero, of how to configure the printer on the network. And the problem is not that my system is unusual. In fact, it is quite standard: computers running Windows XP home edition connected via Cat5 cables to a Linksys router.UPDATE: The problem is that dynamic assignment of IP address (DHCP) although the default, appears to be completely useless. Every time you turn on the printer, it gets a new IP address from your router (which does the DHCP assignments). But the computer still prints to the prior IP address so nothing works. You need to assign the printer a static IP address using one of the provided programs, and then tell the driver what that address is. Then it just works.
0 I'm learning to play the guitar and sing traditional Blue Grass music...this CD is great!
0 Muy buenos y bonitos y el precio definitivamente es muy bueno para el producto es todo lo que esperaba recibir.
0 I'll order more when needed.
0 It tells a story we should never forget. My best friend when I was in the 5th. grade was from Germany, he told me about the horrific things that were done to the German people.
0 I recently bought this album and as a trained singer, was pretty impressed. One thing I found VERY annoying though, was her breathing. She breathes pretty loud and at times it sounds as if she is gasping for air. In "Leave (Get Out)" her first single, you can hear her lick her lips ( or something of that sort!). But you do have to take into consideration that she was only 13 when she recorded the album.   But JoJo has a very nice Pop voice with an RB twist, which is fun to listen too. My personal faorite song is "Homeboy" which I am sure many young girls can relate too. You know how most Pop singers don't write their own songs? Well surprisingly JoJo wrote or co-wrote a few of her songs including " Keep on Keepin' On" which is pretty insperational. But other songs kind of flop, because they are either boring or have lame lyrics.   I do reccomend this Album if you want to entertain yourself or friends, but not if you are extremely critical when it comes to singing technique.
0 Grate table can take it with me any where I go  thank you amazon keep up the good work.
0 I bought this model All-In-One and was very disappointed in it.1st:  there isn't a straight-thru paper feed2nd:  compared to the 4533 model, it's very difficult to so the settingsbecause of the different buttons and smaller screenand the brand new ink cartridges wouldn't print well evenafter running the cleaning twice and doing the alignmentI would not buy it again and am sorry I bought it this timebecause not only does it not perform to the usual Epson ease of use,but I am so sick of black equipment
0 So great for the hot tub!!
0 Easy to put together. No more than 20 minutes. Works great. Am well pleased
0 I had my doubts when trying to decide to purchase 303 Protectant, as the manufacture of my sliding pickup bed cover recommended, or an equivalent product at a lower price.  Glad I made the decision to give 303 Protectant a try.  Much better than other similar products I've used.  Great product.
0 I only had a few of the Dresden china thimbles and saw this one advertised! Very intricately detailed and beautiful blue and white addition to our collection~+
0 i was expecting a larger set of knives but then work fine and i can make it stick at good distances
0 I have seen this opera twice at local theaters (LA area) and thought that the movie would be a cheesy imitation of the grandeur and excellent theater performance of a live show, but I was pleasantly surprised. The movie complements the live performance. You won't regret spending sometime watching it.
0 Back broke on the very first day.
0 it's very good product !!! it does what supose to do i'm very happy with my purchase
0 An earlier review explains my search for good quality miniature tools  ie made in UK Germany or USA  definitely NOT made in China  Moore and Wright Sheffield seem to have given up so I chose Moody  made in USA  comprehensive range available.  reasonable prices...  These tools will principally be used in connection with model engineering work
0 Read awhile back.  Can't completely remember, but always like Catherine Coulter books.  Will order next in trilogy someday soon.  Thanks
0 Surprisingly good for an untrained celebrity.
0 works great.  Was for our CEO.
0 It is wrinkled but that could just be from it being folded up in the package.It's nice, and pretty much worth the price I paid. It is not sheer, but not completely opaque.It's also true to size! I was scared it would be too small so I ordered one size up and it fits a bit big, it still stays on and looks good, but I would suggest you get your true size.Very happy with this skirt.
0 Awesome product
0 Bought this product with hopes of using it with my IPOD for internet phone calls. It does work but the quality leaves a bit to be desired. Worst part is the construction is pretty flimsy and if not careful the unit will come apart and the wires will become exposed. For the price it works OK but do not expect greatness.
0 I purchased this brand based on a friends recommendation for a 3 mo. old Yorkie. Shortly after she started playing with it the fur started coming out. Within a month she had managed to tear the stitching, allowing the stuffing to be released. It wound up in the trash. I've purchased two additional puppets from this manufacturer and, so far, they are holding up just fine.
0 LOVE IT!
0 Do a search on JP1 and you will find you can get a cable and program this remote with your PC, at a small fraction of the price of a Logitech, and with no internet required. Plenty of buttons too, so you can have every function you need. This is arguably the best JP1 remote available, and cheap to boot.
0 I lost my charger and needed a replacement. This one works just fine. It does, however, have a special quirk. Every time I hook my phone up to the charger it automatically connects my Verizon phone with VCAST. Since I don't subscribe to VCAST (music downloads) and it's not available in my area, it's no big deal. I can see how it can be a problem for someone else though. Anyway, for the price. You really can't beat it.
0 Very affordable, durable and high quality! My favorite dress/casual shorts. Order them all the time.
0 A lot less frustrating than trying to get candles to fit with a knife.  It is the easiest way I know of to get candles to fit my vintage candle stick holders.
0 The book is a unique book about SAP HR Technology.<BR>The chapter about ESS (Employee Self Service), the area where I work recently, is of great value for my daily work. Claudio Galantini<BR>Consultant
0 Very well, nice to read. Congratulations.
0 napoleon dynamite is the best movie ever! it is so funny! the funniest thing would have to be when he dances. i was lauging really hard. a lot of people in my class says the quotes..my math teacher even watched it! but she left just 2 minutes during the movie. but i all i have to say is, this movie is awesome and hilarious!
0 This was the first Guess handbag I had ever bought and was the first handbag in my 30 year history of shopping that I have ever returned. It looks great......when the tissue paper is wadded up inside the bag offering support. When nearly empty it takes on a limp, deflated ball look. It literally collapses in on itself and falls over unless you have it filled to the mid section with stuff. I generally only carry a wallet and small items like make-up, lotion, and my cell phone. With nothing to fill it out, it loses its structure - the material (fake leather?) is too thin to support a shape.If you do keep it filled enough to stand up straight, I have no faith the straps will do any good.  They are weak, thin, and give no indication of durability.  In the month I had mine, the straps frayed and showed wear with the white lining breaking through. Looked so cheap.I'm shocked this handbag doesn't have lower reviews.  When I went back to the Guess store a month later to return it, the sales woman gave me no grief and admitted many customers were returning this particular style for the exact same reasons I gave. I traded it in for the Greyson Status Carryall and I effing love it!I definitely do NOT recommend this purse unless:~you keep it filled to the brim with junk~you enjoy deflated balloons
0 I really enjoy these DVD's.  They are fun and good for someone like me who is totaly out of shape and hates to excercise. Teaching is good also.
0 it looks nice but the part that curves from the top of the hat to the chin, is attached to the face mask not separate from it. the mask is also irritating to put on.it's made of plastic and when putting it on, it's like a cloth cap that goes over your head and ears but it slides so you can't really see out of it. it's nice to look at for a collection, but not to wear.
0 Very firm grip and adjuster knob makes it easy to vary the strength of the vice. A really handy tool to have!
0 The best customer service that I have every experienced.  The items is worth every $$$ I paid for it and the whole family is enjoying it every day.  Very stable and sturdy.
0 If I could give this a ZERO STAR I would! HORRIBLE! DO NOT PAY FOR THIS BOOK! It is only about 5 paragraphs long, uses no names and it truely pathetic! I am disappointed in the author for even trying to collect money for this. DISAPPOINTED READER! I can not even add this to one of my book lists because it was just so aweful! Not even 3 pages long!  Is this some kind of joke? I mean if your going to publish a book publish a book, not a couple of crappy paragraphs!
0 Great
0 I have used many products for acne. From expensive creams to prescriptions. But nothing has worked as good as this soap. My skin is clearer and feels firmer. This is great soap for people that have very sensitive skin like me!
0 the packaging was terrible for this product. The case for the DVDs was obviously extremely cheaply made. One of the things that holds the dvds into place broke when it was shipped. So far I haven't noticed any DVD's scratched but I intend on watching all of them soon. If any are scratched I will return it. As it is I'm mad that the case broke. (also if you do buy this invest in sleeves, or some other way to store the dvds. I'm afraid that leaving them in the case will scratch them if they aren't already. Great anime series though, just poor case and packaging. The shipping arrived quickly.
0 These sheets are very thin, but what do you expect for only $17.99?? I think they are wonderful. We bought them for our vacation home and therefore won't be washing them as often as regular sheets so for this they are absolutely perfect. They are very soft, the color is nice and they are very comfortable to sleep on. They are deep enough and you don't have to feel as if you're tearing the edges to get it over the mattress. Again, for the price they are outstanding. I have NEVER seen sheets this inexpensive that are this soft. So yes, they are thin... but at least you don't feel like you're sleeping on newspaper as with most inexpensive sheet sets.
0 Excellent quality hose with good connectors. It is such a joy to use this reliable hose after trying so many of the expanding type hoses that bust after several uses.
0 This coffee definitely has fruity undertones, but the after taste is very smooth and the entire flavor is definitely very pleasing. I drink it black and love every sip. This is probably my favorite bag of beans I've bought yet; never had a bad cup from it yet.(Coffee was ground with a Hario Mini Mill Hand Grinder and brewed with an Aeropress. Both paper and metal filters work well; I prefer the Kaffeologie S-filter as a personal preference)
0 Colors are definitely vibrant, creamy, and blend nicely. Because of the creamy consistency it may be hard to layer the colors even with added water, so these may not be ideal for professional watercoloring (I use Holbein watercolors and do notice a difference with layering the colors). However I am still not disappointed at all since these colors are absolutely beautiful! Definitely recommended for crafters and mixed media artists!! it's all still worth a try
0 I have no others words for this but beautiful.  It's durable in texture, well cushioned, and its appearance is simply elegant.
0 I downloaded it chose a skin and it dit its uninstall reinstall thing. NO AUTHERIZATION!!! Then I unistalled skinstealer. un and re installed minecraft I got back in NO SKIN. It says no data lost in the thing but gues what?! MY FARM ANIMALS WERE GONE MY SIGNS WERENT THERE AND ALL THE STUFF IN MY CHEST DISAPPEARED!!! TONS OF MY HOURS SPENT ON THAT GAME MY BUILDINGS WERE THERE BUT MY STUFF WAS GONE! MY FRIEND (that is a boy) TOOK A LOOK AND WAS SHOCKED. ANYWAYS WE LOOKED AT OTHER WORLDS FOR DAMAGE GUESS WHAT?! THE STUFF HE MADE AND PUT IN CHEST IN HIS WORLD WAS THERE WHY JUST MY WORLD WHY!!!!!!!! SORRIES CANT MAKE UP FOR THE FACT MY STUFF IS GONE I HAD DIAMONDS! AND A CORE OF NETHER REACTOR IN ONE CHEST IM SO MAD!!!!!!!!!!! SAVE YOUR TIME PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!!!
0 These are some rarely seen peplums. Tharus, Son of Attila is our hero in the first movie. He is in love with the kings beautiful daughter, but she is betrothed to the villian Kudrum. Then there's The Conqueror of Corinth- the most believable of the movies, it too deals with a forbidden love between a Roman Centurion and the daughter of a Greek leader opposed to Roman rule. It all culminates in battle of course. Then there's Samson Against the Sheik. This is one of the oddest of the set as it takes place in the middle east and in Spain, and has Ed Fury as Samson, or Maciste as he's referred to throughout the film, tr4ying to save everyone in heroic fashion. Anyway, these are some fun movies for anyone who enjoys the genre.
0 I know this is going to sound like blasphamy, but this book is complete and total garbage;  Judith Weston may be a wonderful human being with a lot of friends in the industry but her book is like a hack magazine article padded out to book length.
0 Nice consistency. Easier to apply. I like that the company is eco-friendly. That's very important to me. There's no fragrance which is good for me. I don't like products to have a smell.
0 tl:dr 5star buy  book you will be happyvery good ending to a very good series.I can't imagine the (fan) pressure on an author of series like this. Amazingly well done.
0 This stuff really works. I'm serious. It works and doesn't smell toxic. The only issue? Apparently I'm allergic. If any touches my skin I get hives. I recommend either you let your husband do the spraying or wear long sleeves and rubber gloves.
0 I finally got to see this little-known movie, and it's really a B movie that has some "art house" characteristics.  It has strengths in some of its style, the choice of omission of scenes that were not needed as they fill the picture, and an interesting technique where the mixing of DaFoe's characters interpretations of the murder scene and what actually happened-- but unlike say traditional Quentin Tarantino films which this movie is supposed to emulate, it does not have enough to simply be about style-- and its message is far too simplistic.  I mean the movie simply takes the notion of righteous, heroic vigilantes and elevates them almost to martyrhood.  The problem is there's not much substance to the characters-- even DaFoe's gay investigator comes off disappointing.  And there are elements of the movie that it hardly probes but simply teases, i.e. one racial/ethnic faction against another-- in this case Irish poor against the Russian mafia-- for all the "heroic" elevations these characters may seem to get, they are after only one type of villain/mobster creating crime in the streets.  Then there may even be the possibility that this movie is about manhood/machoism-- I mean DaFoe's character brushes off one of his boyfriends because he is too [openly gay]  for him.  The fantasy of the two Irish brothers succeeding in their efforts to off the Russian mobsters goes beyond realistic expectations, yet in spite of the experimental nature of the film, seems to insist we are in the "real world" here.  And finally, its ending where the media interviews people off the street to ask their opinion of whether our two Irish brothers are heroes or criminals seems silly, since the movie seemed to make them seem heroes throughout (even DaFoe's character seems to be won over them way too easily).  So this movie finally lacks a conflict, and as strange as it is to see the two Irish brothers make their offing bad guys a religious ritual, unintentionally makes the audience respond negatively in a post September 11 world (Note: Movie was made two years before 9/11).  Two stars for some style, but as for its substance-- we're talking total B-movie territory, maybe even weaker.  There's no story here.  Just episodic ventures of our heroes (and not even anti-heroes) fighting the Russian mob because they've hurt their turf way too often. They may wear black trenchcoats, but they are actually wearing white hats in your typical weak white hats/black hats plot.  Now I finally understand why Sundance, the Independent Film Channel and the regular cable channels did not pick up this movie for so long.  There's not much there.  Two stars because I still see some promising for filming and production for other types of movies.  It at least has some interesting ideas/approaches to film making.
0 Did not work like Sinuprex.
0 The first order I received had a problem.  Logitech advertised the mouse as having great battery life.  The battery in mine had to be changed once a week or more.  Then the mouse stopped working completely.  I contacted Logitech and they sent a new set, keyboard and mouse, with no hassle.  The replacement has been working great and weeks later I am still on the first battery.  I do believe the first one was just bad from the start.  All is good now.
0 I bought these for my coworkers and they seemed to enjoy them. The decaffeinated hung around for a while but I guess that's to be expected. The maple was probably the favorite.
0 This is a layman's journey into the case studies of nureological problems. The book is written in a clear style that makes each case a story rather than a statistic. If you've ever wondered about diseases of the mind, this is the book for you.It's not really a good book to read before bed as some of these people have problems that could make one want to stay up and talk about it with someone else.
0 I love these prenatal DHA's! I am 22 weeks pregnant and have been taking these along with Rainbow Light One prenatals. I researched many DHA's before buying a smaller first can from wholw foods which was more expensive than this big jar from Amazon. I am almost finished since it comes with 180 capsules and you need to take two a day. Once I run out, I plan on buying another one and keep taking them as I go through breastfeeding! They are very easy to swallow as their coating is very slippery unlike my prenatal vitamins :)
0 Product worked as described.
0 Awesome price!
0 These shoes are easily the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. Hands down. I am in my 40s and have been athletic my whole life and am amazed by how good my feet feel after wearing these--even for 10+ miles! Do yourself a favor and try these shoes!
0 Purchased this toy as a gift for a three year old. He loves it. Super cute little toy, and has good control and speed for the money.
0 After a shopping around and reading scores of reviews I decided this was the product for me at the right price.  Yes the adapter is a little flemsy but I have used it just fine.  Some reviewers have strange expectations for their product, this is a GOOD price that delievers what it says it is.
0 The music on this cd is great,having just seen trower on may 26 it was a perfect buy for me.But the two second gap at the end of each song doesn`t make sense.bridge of sighs is my favorite song on this.A 15 min song that has that long dream like feel to it.
0 I've had several compliments on this bag, holds chalk well (as long as you seal it) -- would definitely recommend.
0 My first experience using Tech Armor, of an variety.  Your Instructional videos were both informative and very helpful in creating an almost perfect non-professional installation!  My Screen Protector usage of the past has been far from satisfactory.I have Your HD Clear Ballistic Glass Screen Protectors installed on two new iPhone 6 Plus units.I have only been using these for one full week, or I would have given it a 5 Star rating,  but I am MORE than Satisfied.I would highly recommend this product to friends and family!
0 Purchased for my granddaughters who are 8 and 11.  It has some really nice music with nice words.  I enjoyed listening to it myself. Not often you can find an enjoyable CD without expletives and obnoxious sexual references.  My girls are enjoying it every day.
0 Another winner!  I like that John Sanford uses the real world as his setting.  I love how the characters interact with each other and that they could be real people in a real situation.
0 Bought it several months ago.  Works great in Ubuntu Linux and Windows 7.  Sound comes again from my Mac Mini.My speakers aren't great, so I can't describe audio quality, but from a superficial guess, it seems good.
0 Good. I like it.
0 SO adorable. Been in a mason jar phase so these are just excellent and they make great gifts, too!
0 The stock grips on my Wilson set was a Winn 'wrap' type grip, and started peeling off after a couple years.  I looked around at what was available at a sporting goods store and handled a few different types and sizes of grips.  I really liked the larger "midsize" grips better than what I had before - they just felt more stable and I felt like I had more control of the club.  Maybe my hands are larger than average, I don't know.  So I bought a set of these grips and installed them myself.  The improvement in 'feel' was immediate and I'm glad I changed grips.  These grips feel 'fuller' and are a softer material than the stock ones.  If they get wet, I don't feel like I'm going to lose the club when I swing - they have a tacky feel, which helps you keep a relaxed grip and still have control of the club.By the way, if you want to install grips yourself and save some money, I wrote a quick 'how to' article here:  [...]Change your grips and enjoy the game!  :-)
0 A great start of the three books as you must read all of them.  Open up your mind and go for it
0 You start with a map of the USA.  Your goal is to build railroads across it.  Connect 5 major cities (out of the 6 on the board) and have 250 million dollars and you win.  Super fun game.  Up grade your trains.  Deliver goods long distances to make more money.  But watch out for floods, snow, and the Canadian rail strike.  Only drawback to the game is the time involved.  Even with the fast rules (where you double the speed of the trains) it still takes a minimum of 3 hours to play this game.  And it always seem to take us all night to play it. Fun, but you better have a game room where you can leave it set up.
0 Made my first batch of soap, and this made it look great!
0 I bought the Victorian lovelies sculpted vase for my Mom for her birthday.  She is very particular and very hard to buy for. This gift was perfect. She absolutely loved it.  It's very quality and unique. My only question is. Now what do I get her for Christmas?  Maybe another Victorian lovelies sculpted vase.
0 I loved the upbeat sounds put together in this CD. The combination of harmonica sounds blended perfectly for a exceptional auditory experience.
0 Out standing game.  Fun to play and very challenging.  Very addictive once you get started playing you cant stop. Very easy to install with no problems.
0 Love it.
0 I LIKE IT, BUT MORE IMPORTANT IS THAT MITTENS ALSO LIKES IT!  THE ONLY DOWNSIDE IS THE POWDER/DUST WHICH LEAVES PAWPRINTS.
0 I'm not a big fan of Slipknot, but this album is by far their best. It eliminates all of the profanity I didn't approve of from the previous two albums, although there are just a few minor "profane" words. The music is fantastic, and that's something really good for an album like this. Also, Corey Taylor works very hard on his vocals, and he puts a lot of effort into his yells in the songs. I really hope they can keep it up if their band gets back together after Paul Gray, the bassist, was killed by a heart attack. I really hope they make another album like this.Rating: 4.5 stars/5 stars
0 Shoulders with Young Yeller on this one. Absolutely brilliant CD;"For Fiona" brought tears to my eyes. I believe that is the name of Tony's daughter;bless her. I was in the Canary Islands on holiday and this was all a bunch of guys from London were talking about;big Nufans out there;same in London and Madrid of course. When are you coming to Belfast and Dublin again?that's what I want to know. Best set of songs yet. Belfast Jimmy
0 The album is great! I already had the digital version but I wanted to have the CD, but unfortunately, after being waiting for almost three weeks the only thing I got was an e-mail stating that the album was ;undeliverable; so I never got it! However I was given the money back so at the end it was not that bad!
0 This is a great set of extensions. Good quality, arrived a lot sooner than originally stated, which is BONUS in my book. Good Seller.
0 I ordered this to grind my hot pepper crop.  The unit works great and the 3 cups with caps make it easier to grind larger batches.I would recommend this to everyone.  The design keeps the contents of the cup in the cup by acting as a lid.
0 It's Crunchy, I'm now love the smoother Nana's Like [[ASIN:B000FNEX8C Nana's No Gluten Lemon Cookie, 3.5-Ounce Cookies (Pack of 12)]] or [[ASIN:B000FNEX8M Nana's No Gluten Chocolate Cookie, 3.5-Ounces (Pack of 12)]] you get the idea I hope!!I don't have coffee or Chocolate anymore!If you don't have a problem GREAT but I found out I do!!
0 From the moment I saw it I was bummed out, it's cheaply made. I tried to make a go of it and put all my belongings inside after fixing both broken zippers on the sides. Then a tassel fell off! I searched and found it and reattached it. Then when a skull fell off I was done. My boyfriend had to convince me it was a bad purchase ( which I knew, but it's so cute). Please save yourself the time and energy am skip this purchase.
0 I like Tyler Perry's movie "Good Deeds."  It was a nice family movie like I feel most of his movies are.
0 I don't know if these were 'used' nothing was said in item description stating this. I ordered 4 of these, and each one of them is VERY  scratched up! They are not in new condition. Not happy at all about thIs purchase!!! Now have to order more!
0 VERY GOOD PRODUCT WORKS FANTASTIC
0 Needed this desperately when I purchased a 85mm prime lens. It keeps the filter rings out of the shot, giving me the up-close and personal shots I need.
0 Didnt fit on my standered scope mount. Then it broke when i tryed to adjust it. Peice of s***
0 Rough scratchy I returned them
0 I have purchased these for almost all my vehicles: Nissan Altima, Jeep Cherokee, and even my Honda Goldwing. The kit is absolutely the best you could buy, it's simple to install system makes it a breeze. I did try putting aftermarket bulbs with this system AND IT'S NOT WORTH IT. Kensum bulbs are higher quality, they use metal clips and the headlight beam is spot on. With the competitors....... the light beam is all over the place. BUY THE KENSUN BULBS!
0 Dinner for Schmucks is not bad, but I wonder if it's worthy of the two songs that bookend the film--"The Fool on the Hill" and Sondre Lerche's "Dear Laughing Doubters".  As another review noted, Dear Laughing Doubters is somewhat reminiscient of a Beatles song.  It's actually reminiscient of The Fool on the Hill. But without being derivative. I'm glad people still make music like this.
0 fun.
0 This is a pretty good game for people who like to solve word puzzles or do word games. Easy but addicting.
0 It works great
0 So far it has been great...better than those coiled up hoses...thank you March 2015 sprang a leak in hose then the nozzle fel off
0 Super cute, i get a lot of complements. Fits my books and folder and some snacks for college.  Smells a little weird, but for the price and quality i can easily overlook it.
0 It was great
0 This cell case is too big for Lumia 520. It should be use for digital cameras or samsung phones. To be fair the delivery was on time and the price was good.
0 The cover is ok, but the design is not nearly as bright as the picture shows. It fits my Galaxy S3 but I had to purchase a new screen saver, the one that I got when I bought the phone bulged when I put this cover on. I would not purchase again and probably not from the seller since what you see is NOT what you get.
0 Worked Amazingly well the first time!! Subsequent applications somehow seem ineffective. Maybe the dang red stuff evolved immunity!
0 EXCELLENT
0 Very disappointing! Thought it was going to be the original versions of the songs  ended up with the Lawrence Welk version instead!
0 I bought this drive for one purpose only and that is to create MKV files of all my DVD's and Blu-rays on my MacBook Pro.  I'm happy to report this drive works great with MakeMKV.  All you have to do is connect the drive via USB, insert the disc, select your preferences, and you're off.The MacBook only has two USB ports so I was a little worried about having to tie both of them up with a Y USB connection.  Well, I'm pleasantly surprised that the drive works with only one USB connection.  This allows me the ability to have an external hard drive connected to the other USB port to save the MKV files to.The disc that came with the drive apparently has Power DVD 9 on it however, having a Mac you have to understand Blu-ray isn't officially supported by Apple so if you wanna watch your Blu-rays on the Mac you'll be on your own.I haven't seen BD read speeds of 6X yet but, the speeds are decent.  I average about 2X.  I've only used the drive on two Blu-rays so far though.Bottom line is for the price this drive has it all for both Mac and Windows users.  Go ahead and place an order.  You won't be disappointed.
0 loved the series of these Christian novels =. would highly recommend them to anyone. very practical lessons on marriage for
0 I have thoroughly enjoyed this series and am really looking forward to seeing where it takes us next. The special effects are quite good for a TV show and I like the mix of characters.
0 Chicago at Carnegie Hall was the first album I sunk my teeth into as a High schooler. I could'nt put it down.    After many years,(I'm 42 now)and  somehow loosing my whole record collection,I decided this CD would be one  of the first in my collection of the new media...CDs.    Once my  kids(teens) heard this CD, I have lost it again...only to continuously find  it in their CD players.
0 I highly recommend this product to make authentic (strong!) Italian espresso!  Easy to get replacement parts down the road.  Just a few minutes to flavorful espresso!
0 GOOD CHIP FOR THE MONEY
0 It gives about 2 hours - much better than I thought. This is pretty good considered the money savings... !    Update:    I bought a battery for my Dell Vostro 1400 in February 2014 and it worked well then I even left a positive 5-start review. However, since end of June the battery was not working. When starting the laptop you get a warning saying the charger is not recognized but when you continue to boot you end up not having the battery recognized - the charger is working fine.    Right now I am back to square one: working without a battery. I contact the seller in August, by then the battery is not recognized by the charger at all. I mentioned the above story and asked the following questions:    1. Can this be fixed?  2. Can you help fix this/provide a replacement battery?    They did not care to reply to any of this or even for my statement "Your support will be highly appreciated and will be added to the review comment."    Just avoid this battery and spend your money on something that works for at least 6 months!
0 Working like a brand new TV.
0 I work in a large warehouse.  Towards the end of the first season of ;24; I kept hearing a lot of the guys at work talking about it.  At the beginning of the fall ( I guess the fall of 2001 ) I saw that Amazon had season one for sale. Given I had never bought any TV series before I thought it might be nice to have something I could watch for less than an hour if I had just a bit of time before bed.  About a week after buying it I sat down and started to watch the very beginning, my wife came in and asked what I was watching.  I told her, she asked what it was about and who starred in it...I wasn't really sure what the plot was but gave her a rough idea.  Then I told her who starred in it and she said ; I don't like him; and walked out of the room. About a week after that I was watching episode # 5 or so in bed and my wife crawled into bed....started watching and she was hooked....Every season from then on we had to watch every episode on TV and then buy each season on DVD.  Season 1 was the best but all the rest are very good too.
0 CUUUUUUTE - better than I expected  husband loves!
0 the game is fine but I hope it gets more difficult as it goes.  very nice photos to look at.
0 Outstanding effort! Without getting to gushy, this is exactly what I'd hoped for!!! The Strokes have defined their style and stayed quot;truequot; without making a replica of the ingenius first album, and without forsaking their style. Their style: relentless grooving yet metronomical guitars with oddly harmonically diverse bass ala Bill Wyman meets Robert Smith...And the sharp snarey drum. Rhythmn guitar on the beat always, lead guitar so saturated it sounds like a overdriven keyboard with a bend knob. Vocals, melodically addictive, yet sung through a harmonica mic through a 6quot; japanese radio speaker, somehow...11 songs isn't even half enough...Love it!!!!
0 Perfect!  Well made.
0 works good nice and small
0 Love this game
0 Easily five stars for this outstanding book! A well developed cast of characters traveling around the galaxy to save the Kingdom? I had a hard time putting it down and couldn't wait to get back to it. This is the author's first book? Crazy! I would definitely purchase the sequel and highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a well told story. Please don't make us wait too long.
0 i was sent two of the cards neither of them worked. it came very fast but they did not work in my computer radio or phone!!!
0 putting wheel sets on was easy enough but the hardware is not really that great. ntl, for 40$ it works well, unfolds and folds simply and is sturdy enough for the purpose. we use it to cart amps, speakers and musical eqpt to gigs. very handy device to have around.
0 Worked, and really cheap enough.
0 I purchased a Samsung Galaxy Note II GT-N7100 unlocked international phone on August 2, 2013 from TechGiant and fulfilled by AMAZON.Today, October 17, 2013, it has stopped working. When I power up my phone, it displays the banner screen ('Samsung Galaxy Note II GT-N7100') repeatedly forever. When I removed the battery and put it back into the phone. The same thing happens again.I contacted Samsung USA and they told me that they will not support the phone because it was made in the UK and they gave me the SAMSUNG UK telephone number. When I contacted Samsung UK, they told me that from the IMEI number that the phone was made in South Africa. I asked them to give me the SAMSUNG South Africa telephone number and they told me that they did not know the telephone number.So my phone is now a piece of trash.This phone worked less than three months. While it worked, it was great and has very nice features. But it was not worth spending $500.00 for a phone that only worked for less than three months.
0 The controller works well and feels great. The customer service is great when it comes to information about the controller.
